Quickstart Application (#195)
Azure/azure-kusto-java: quickstart/README.md

You can use it as a baseline to write your own first kusto client application, altering the code as you go, or copy code sections out of it into your app.

**Tip:** The app includes comments with tips on recommendations, coding best practices, links to reference materials and recommended TODO changes when adapting the code to your needs.

## Using the App for the first time

### Retrieving the app from GitHub
1. Download the app files from this GitHub repo
2. Modify `kusto-sample-config.json`, changing `KustoUri`, `IngestUri` and `DatabaseName` appropriately for your ADX cluster

### Retrieving the app from OneClick
1. Open a browser and type your cluster's URL (e.g. https://myadxcluster.westeurope.kusto.windows.net/), and you will be redirected to the _Azure Data Explorer_ website
2. Open the left-side pane via the hamburger menu, if it isn't already open
3. On the left-side pane, choose _Data_
4. Click on _Generate Sample App Code_ button
5. Follow the wizard
6. Download the app as a zip file

> 7. Unpack the script to your folder of choice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Unpack the source code to your folder of choice

```

# Quick Start App

The quick start application is a **self-contained and runnable** example app that demonstrates authenticating, connecting to, administering, ingesting data into and querying Azure Data Explorer using the azure-kusto-python SDK.
You can use it as a baseline to write your own first kusto client application, altering the code as you go, or copy code sections out of it into your app.

**Tip:** The app includes comments with tips on recommendations, coding best practices, links to reference materials and recommended TODO changes when adapting the code to your needs.

## Using the App for the first time

### Prerequisites
1. Set up Java on your machine. For instructions, consult a Java environment setup tutorial, like [this one](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_environment_setup.htm).
2. Set up [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/install.html), which is the most popular Java dependency management tool.

### Retrieving the app from GitHub

> 1. Download the app files from this GitHub repo

Reviewer 2: If they don't know how to use git they probably won't know how to use github to download the zip.

You can either explain it or add a link (but it's for the master branch and not the latest release) https://github.com/Azure/azure-kusto-java/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

> 1. Download the app files from this GitHub repo

Author: We need to draw the line somewhere, and I think downloading a zip is well before that line:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30245027/144738908-fc504ece-0ad8-48f0-ac3d-525b98b8ea16.png)

> 1. Download the app files from this GitHub repo

Reviewer 2: If someone isn't already familiar with github they will not know how to find this button

> 2. Modify `kusto-sample-config.json`, changing `KustoUri`, `IngestUri` and `DatabaseName` appropriately for your ADX cluster

Author: I had named the instruction `ONECLICK_INSTRUCTION_BOX.md` in line with the md file convention, but you asked me to rename for consistency with Python.

So the question here is similar - the filename `kusto-sample-config.json` uses hyphens instead of underscores, per Java's convention. However, the file in Python is slightly different in line with Python's conventions - `kusto_sample_config.json`.

Change this to be identical to the Python file's name?

Author: Tal requested that the filenames be identical.
